AAP-2844 Add collections and content signing info (#493)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/hub/assembly-collections-and-content-signing-in-pah.adoc

[id="assembly-collections-and-content-signing-in-pah"]

= Collections and content signing in {PrivateHubName}

> As an automation creator, you can configure your private automation hub to successfully sign and publish your own content collections while still maintaining access to Red Hat Certified Collections available through your Ansible Automation Platform subscription or community collections available through Ansible Galaxy. In addition, you can configure Ansible-Galaxy CLI to verify collections to ensure that your collections are approved by your organization and have not been changed after it was uploaded to your automation hub.

Reviewer: This is not major but a general comment,
Here we say that an automation creator can configure their private automation hub for signing, but the usage or private automation hub spans across the organization where individual automation creators can push their collections, so this task for configuring private hub for signing and marking collections as signed, becomes a task of a hub admin. I hope this makes sense.
You can checkout the instruqt lab I just released about private automation hub, it explains his topic well.

Author: Thank you for clarifying this, @anshulbehl. I was actually a bit confused by this. I "borrowed" some of the wording in one of the original tasks originally associated with the content signing work (AAP-1869), but I changed it somewhat to introduce the following subtopics since we're discussing configuring and using content signing, and verifying collections. I'll tweak it for the next iteration and request your review. Thanks again!

> include::modules/proc-configure-content-signing-on-pah.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
> 
> include::modules/proc-using-content-signing-services-in-pah.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
> 
> include::modules/proc-configure-ansible-galaxy-cli-verify.adoc[leveloffset=2]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
include::automation-hub/proc-configure-content-signing-on-pah.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::automation-hub/proc-using-content-signing-services-in-pah.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::automation-hub/proc-configure-ansible-galaxy-cli-verify.adoc[leveloffset=2]
```

Author: Thanks, @ariordan-redhat! I figured I had these pointing to the wrong directory and had updated them before I viewed your comment here. Copying and pasting got me in trouble. ; - )

[id="assembly-collections-and-content-signing-in-pah"]

= Collections and content signing in {PrivateHubName}

> As an automation administrator for your organization, you can configure private automation hub for signing and publishing Ansible content collections from different groups within your organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an automation administrator for your organization, you can configure {PrivateHubName} for signing and publishing Ansible content collections from different groups within your organization.
```

Author: Thanks, @ariordan-redhat. Updates applied.

> For additional security, automation creators can configure Ansible-Galaxy CLI to verify these collections to ensure they have not been changed after they were uploaded to automation hub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional security, automation creators can configure Ansible-Galaxy CLI to verify these collections to ensure they have not been changed after they were uploaded to {HubName}.
```

Author: Update applied.
